Reading for first time, the statement seems quite complete and well-explained but after perusing the argument carefully we can say that there there are certain significant drawback in the argument. Following suggestions much be considered before  implementing regulation to ensure fair prices for consumers as well as dairy farm owners. Some of the drawbacks as listed are although statistics are given but not complete statistics are given in accordance with time, time period is very huge, thus more data is required to ensure fair price policy for both of them.

Firstly, talking about increase in dairy farms in country about 25 percent in span of 10 years. There might be many reasons for this increase. Listing some of them can be government shaping policy such that people are encouraged rather forced to go towards dairy farming. Taking measures like increasing the income taxes in other businesses and decreasing in dairy farming. Government giving highly subsidized rate for cattle which can prove very benificial for dairy farms. Initially government, may provide good value for dairy products which can also be reason for this increase.

Secondly, discussing about increase in price from $1.5 to $3 per gallon at local Excello Food Market. Given is the rate for specific market rather than general price of milk in entire country. There are possibilities that this market is sort of premium market which may charge extra amount for the services they provide. They should rather provide average of unit milk price from entire country which can be used to bring more insights in actual price of milk consumers buy at. There is also a possibility of recession in country which is not provided by proponent in the argument given which may cost dairy farmers a huge sum of money to maintain it to proper government approved standards. So, at last this cost is borne by consumers. So, in this case it would be unfair for dairy farmers.

Thirdly, given there is lack of data in statement "to prevent farmers from continuing to receive excessive profits on apparently increased supply of milk" we should be given exact amount farmers are earning and amount they spent on farms as investment and other such things as at last this things only will decide the actual price of milk. If government starts regulating the milk price without consent of farmers then there might be possibility of protest from farmers which government should avoid to ensure country's safety.

Thus, we can say that proponent is trying to forcefully regulate the price of milk. The proponent should first to a detailed study of what actually affects the price of milk and economy of country along with number of people regularly buying milk from vendors. This study will help overall benifit of society for farmers and also consumers.
(466 words)