Although, at first read the statement seems to be perfectly described and well explained but after perusing the argument carefully we can identify significant drawbacks in the statements. Clearly there is dearth of statistical data from which we can identify the problem and its solution. Moreover, there may be possiblity where majority of people may not agree for the solution.

Firstly as we can see that there is no statistical data given for water usage before and after changing the showerheads. There might we possibility where people may spent time bathing more than they used to before due to lack of water. People may agree to the solution of reducing the water flow but majority of people will feel there quality of bathing getting degraded. Residents will start finding  alternate solution for it.

Secondly, if there is this forcefull implementation of reducing the water flow, then there is possible that people might revolt against the deciding authority as  they might think that even though they are paying required tax asked by authorities, they are not getting the required service as expected by them. If the case there is same tax for water usage collected through all household and this can be changed to amount of water used by each household. Initially, there will be an investment for water meters and other such things but at the end it will prove benifical as household using more water will end up paying more tax and there will be no discrimination.

Thirdly, given that first three building where the changes were implemented, there might be less residents living in those buildings, or there might be possibility where those residents may not be using the showerheads for bathing and may use bathtubs, etc. for bathing. So, they should explicity conduct the survey whether they use the showerhead or not and number of residents in those buildings before reporting the number of complaints from those buildings as low. Even there might be possibility that the complaints reported was just day after there was modification in showerheads. And people started complainting after two to three days thinking that it was just temporary problem and might get solved in a day or two.

Thus, we can say that proponent is trying to force his/her falacious decision to entire Tower Complex and cause problems to them. Proponent must amiliorate the argument by providing more elaborated analysis of situation and more efficient way to save water and to save money. Also, Proponent should take time and do the survey for longer period of time which will help him in providing more accurate analysis of the situation and thus more accurate decision making. Moreover, Proponent should also ask residents from each building what are the solutions they are ready to accept. Thus, overall benifit for everyone in society.

(468 words)