A true great and effective leader always have some moral and ethical standards to maintain else his position in public will be undermined. I completely support the statement given as there are many people who look towards a great public leader. Supporting my judgement, I would like to give examples of political leader specially Narendra Modi, business leader - Ratan Tata and third giving example of leader who didn't followed ethical and moral standards had great downfall in his life.

Starting with Narendra Modi, he started his political career from very rudimentary stages and now we can see where he is currently. He was completely clear in his life about what to achieve and what things are not to be done. There are many changes which we can currently see in the state of Gujarat which would not have been possible if Narendra Modi was not there. Like, development of highest statue in world i.e. Statue of Unity, one of major tourist attraction for people all over India and also out of India. There are many such examples which we can give which visions of Narendra Modi. Moreover, he follows a very regular and strict routine in his life. According to him, he meditates every morning which everyone should obviously do and this meditation and yoga has helped him a lot and achieve goals in his life. Thus we can say, he maintains very high ethical and moral standards, if not then he would not have achieved this stage of his life.

Now talking about JRD Tata namely Jehangir Ratanji Dadabhoy Tata, he was founder of Air India and chairman of Tata Group. He brought very big revolution in aviation industry in India with introduction of Air India. He was very down to earth person in life but was very clear in his life about goals. He was also known as Father of Indian Aviation which is very honorable title that he achieved in his life. Moreover, during his tenure as chairman in Tata Industry, the valuation of company increased to wopping $50 million just during the tenure of JRD Tata. Thus, we can say that if person really maintains his highest ethical and moral standards than he can achieve whatever he wants in hos life.

Thirdly, talking about infamous spiritual leader Asaram Bapu who became famous in 1970s and during that time people used to beleive in him so much that they though him as divine person and used to believe in him so much and blindly that they ignored who he really was. His actual face came into light when he was convicted for rape in 2010s and this actually opened poeple's eyes that he though him as divine but he was literally the opposite. Thus , we can say when public figure does not maintain his proper ethical and moral standards than his downfall is confirmed whatever might be the case.

On concluding note, we can say that one has to always maintain a proper ethical and moral standards in his life to be able to achieve something in his/her life. Talking about effective leader and well known public offical, he should never undermine his/her ethical and moral grounds and make it as high as possible to be able to achieve great things in his/her life.
(549 words)