As we can say that young minds are more in a growing and developing stage, thus implanting a long term, realistics goals furing those periods can probably prove efficient for young people rather than going for immediate fame and recognition. Some examples supporting above examples are taking examples of gamers, social media influencers and actors.

Initially taking example of Actors, there are many actors such as who started there career from very rudimantary stage and slowly and gradually came the apogee of there career which even lasted for long time based on work they had done and achivement they achieved in there life. For eg., Deepika Padukone, initially struggled in bollywood and slowly her movies started making money and at a point she started receiving offers from Hollywood also. Here, if she had limited her thinking till bollywood only then she could have been stuck there only but that was not the case. Now, there are some actors also who started in big films directly and for a movie or two they did well but in their later big movies they were not able to perform somehow may be due to lack of experience. And they were highly criticized because of their level of acting and were not able to act in future movies beacuse auidence would now resist them due to the incident that happened. Thus, in case of Actors we can say that they should have long term motive along with starting from very basic stage rather than seeking immediate fame and recognition.

Talking about social media influencers, we can say that if a person who is not well-known enough then he must start influencing on every platform. Here, we need to agree that every platform has different user base i.e. there are very less people who use multiple platform as their source of regular entertainment. Thus, a influencer should never concerntrate on one platform and make a boom on that one. Depending on one platform, always brings a sense of insecureness. Further, after a long time, there was some people who want to switch platform then that particular influencer present on multiple platform becomes benifical for him. Thus, diversity and making a long term goal is necessary rather than focussing on short term goal and recognition. Same we can also say for artists like singer, dancers, etc.

Now having gamers as topic, recently there was major incident in game industry where a game cause PUBG namely Players Unknown Battle Grounds was banned citing privacy laws and other violation of government rules in India only. Now, at that there this game being mobile friendly and everyone can afford it, gaming creators were very much towards this game only rather that being variety gamer. This specifically game them audience of PUBG loving audience only. Now, after the ban, there was huge downfall of them in their views and other statistics which were important for them. Later they were able to recover as managing some interactions with audience and such activities. But here small creators which just started there career were totally shutdowned. So, one always need to focus on long term goal and not short term achievements.

On concluding note, I would like to say that long term goals generally takes time to achieve but bears most juiciest friut and looking for short term goals and achievement which takes very less time but is generally short-lived.
(567 words)