Ques:The following apeared in a memo from budget planner for the city of Grandview.
Statement: "It is time for the city of Grandview to stop funding the Grandview Symphony Orchestra. It is true that the symphony struggled financially for many years, but last year private contributions to the symphony increased by 200 percent and attendance at the symphony's concerts-in-the-park series doubled. In addition, the symphony has just announced an increase in ticket prices for next year. For these reasons, we recommend that the city eliminate funding for the Grandview Symphony Orchestra from next year's budget. We predict that the symphony will flourish in the years to come even without funding from the city."
Prompt:Write a response in which you discuss what questions would need to be answered in order to decide whether the recommendation is likely to have predicted result. be sure to explain how the answers to these questions would help to evaluate the recommendation.

Argument Essay:
The given argument is well explained and supported with statistics of private contribution and attendancea Symphony's Concerts-in-the-park series but this has many drawbacks like data given is for specific area of Symphony and not as whole.Then increase in prices of ticket may be due to the recession that country is facing. All these drawbacks that this memo is facing are clearly discussed below with adequet examples.

Firstly, given that Grandview Symphony Orchestra struggled for many years due to its nature and ambience is not quiet atrractive to people. THe fact that it struggled financially for many years implies that there would be less number of people attending the concerts. The point that Symphony struggled because people did not liked the Orchestra and the band performing it. So, people did not visited. Now, as per statistics, last years "private" contributions increased by two hundred percent which implies that only private contributions were increased due to many reasons like income of people increased which results in more number of people donating. Also, private contributions are just one time contributions and same might decline coming year due to some reasons like recession,etc.

Secondly, the attandance was also doubled which might be the reason for changing of band performing orchestra and people trying if the new band is better than previous band or not and there might be possibility that new band is better, so more number of people will visit but same band will not be performing for coming years, so there might be downfall again in near future. Moreover, the statistics provided is only for specific performance that is concerts-in-the-park and not any other concerts which might not increase the overall revenue to make some considerable difference in the budget of Grandview Symphony Orchestra.

Thirdly, the part of increasing prices of tickets may be due to recession that entire country is facing. So, there was no possible way to survive with price of old tickets along with funding provided by the city of Grandview. It is stated that Symphony will flourish in coming years but no concrete proof is provided that it will surely flourish even without funding. Also, Grandview Symphony Orchestra might be a heritage site which is the reason why earlier they were provided with the funding from the city. and they should continue the funding as heritage sites will bring more revenue in coming future if it is maintained much more efficiently with the increased amount of money that the Grandview Symphony Orchestra is getting from increased prices of ticket, more private donations and more footfall in concert-in-the-park.

Overall, the argument is far from forcefull enough to persuade the city to stop the funding for the Grandview Symphony Orchestra. Before any final decisions are made about wheather city of Gradview should stop the funding for Grandview Symphony Orchestra or not, much work is left for arguer to do to make his argument more logical and cogent.
(487 words)

24 mins 10 secs