Ques: It is harmful to compromise one's own belief than to adhere to them
Prompt: Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the statement and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing and supporting your position , you shuold consider ways in which the statement might or might not hold true and explain how these considerations shape your positions.

Issue Essay:
The problem statement clearly states that " It is harmful to compromise one's own beleif than to adhere to them". I agree to this statement as it relates to my life directly or implicitly. I used to beleieve that gods never existed but later at a point was know that gods existed in some form in a way which we can not fathom but know that god is there. Here later I took the example of protest in one of the most prestigious college and to contradict, I took examples to protest at the end of election that is when the result of election was declared.

Firstly, I used to think that god never existed and everything related to that is a myth but there were some incidents in life where I can now say that gods exist. This incident nearly changed my beleif regarding gods. This incident was when I was in twelveth standard, giving JEE-MAINS Test. I was performing poorly and below average in starting Full-Course Tests even though I used to study harder and harder and that was not reflected in marks that I receive at the end of exam. One Day, my mother told me to worship god and just give it a try, there was no harm in it. That day, when I worshiped and went to gave test, I received highest marks probably in my entire class and my history of exams. But the catch was that paper was one of the most difficult and batchmates were not able to solve many questions that I solved easily. Now that day was a micraculous for me. From that day, I countinued to worship daily, and got good grades in exams and was able to crack the final exam and get addmission in good college. Now if here I compromise my belief mid way and start receiving bad grades than it will be very bad for me and my future. So, clearly we can say It is harmful to compromise one's own belief than to adhere to them.

Secondly, if we take exmaple of protest in an National Institute of Technology where a student died by suicide where the reason given was he was harrassed by head professor in that institute. The students in that college was down to protest against that professor. Now, here there is a beleif that professor harrased the student and thus student took the extreme step. But this reason was only for initial investigation, if at later point authorities came to know there were some other issues as well that student faced then it will be very problematic for students who were protesting against the head professor. They might indulge into activities that harm the public property and then leading to jail for that students causing public damage. Thus if students were compromised of their beleifs and thus became completely opposite situation rather than that they adhered to that beleif.

Thirdly, if we take example of results of the end of elections where a party A won. The supporters of Party A were very happy but supporters and workers of Party B who lost the elections took it as it was unfair to them as there were some issues in voting machine and there were some malpractices that took place in voting machine and there was tampering and thus result was not hundered percent fair. Supporters and wrokers of party B took to protest against the election officials and Party A and they were all invovled in these activity but here comes the twist: the party leader of Party B thinks that this was all correctly done and elections results were fair enough and he/she publicly came and gave speech that he does not blame anyone and specifies that he/she only lacked leadership qualities. Now, any thing that Party B supporters and workers do will be in vain. So, here clearly we can say that It very more harmful to compromise the belief rather that ahereing to them.

Thus on concluding statement, we can say that this statement is ninety nine percent true rather than hundered percent because each and every statement has some back lash that can be proved by giving an exmaple except the statements which are universal facts. Thus, according to me, this statement holds hundred percent true upto my knowledge.
(723 words)

37 mins 18 secs