In surveys, Mason City residence rank water sports(swimming, boating and fishing) among their favorite recreational activities. Mason river flowing through city is rarely used for these purpose, however, and the city park department devotes little of its budget to maintain recreational facilities. For years, there has been complaints from residence about quality river's water and river smell. In responce, state has recently annonce plans to clean up mason river. The use of river for water sports is therefore sure to increase. The city government should, for taht reason, devote for money for this years budget to recreational activites.


While it may be true, that mason city government ought to devote more money to river side recreational facilities, the authors argument doesnot make cogent case for increased resources ofor river use. It is easy to understand by residence would want cleaner river, but this argument is rife with holes and assumptions and thus, not strong enough to lead and increase funding. Citing surveys of city resident, the author report city residences' love for water sports. It is not clear, however, the scope and validity if thaty survey, for eg, the survey could have asked residents if they preferred using river for water sports or would like to see hydroelectric dam built which may have swayed residents towards river sports. The sample have not have been representative of city residents, as they might have only asked those residents holling on the river. The survey may have been  10 pages long, which 2 questions dedicated to river sports, we just do not know, unless the survey is fully representaive valid and reliable, it cant be used effectively used to back authors argument.

Additionally, the author implies resident do not use the river for swimming, boating, fishing, desiped their professed interest, because water is polluted and smelly. Why a poluted smelly river cut down river sports, a concrete connection between lack of river use and the rivers current state is not effective. Though there have been complaints, we do not know if there have numerous complaints from wide range of people or perhaps 1 or 2 individuals who made numerous complints. To stregthen his/her argument, the auhtor would benifit from implementing standardize survey asking wide range of residents why they do not currently use the river. 

Building upon the implication that residents do not use the river due to quality of water and river's smell,the author suggests the river clean up will increase uage. If river's water quality , this may be true. For eg, if pollutions causes decreased water quality and amell due to factory. But if quality and aroma result from natural mineral deposits in water and surronding water, this may not be true. There are some bodies of water that emit string smell of sulphur due to geography of area. COnsiquetly, a river clean up may have no impacts on river usage. Regardless of wheater rivers quality of able to improve or not the author does not effectively shiw cinnection between water quality and usage.

A clean, beatiful, safe river offten adds to city's property value leads to increase tourism and revenue from thiose who come to take advantage of river, and a better overall quality of life for citizen. For these reasons, the city government may decide to invest in improving river side recreational activities. However, these authors arguments seems abstruse and not impactfull enough to persuade the city givernment to allocate increased fundings.