Rituals and ceremony help define culture

Rituals and ceremony help define culture. Society is groups have deminished sence of who they are.

The speaker asserts that rituals and ceremony are needed for any culture or group of people to retain a strong sense of identity. I agree that one purpose of ritual and ceremonies is to preserve cultural identity atleast in modern times. However, this is not their sole purpose: nor are rituals and ceremonies only means of preserving cultural identity.

I agree with speaker insofar as one purpose of rituals iand ceremony is todays world is to preserve cultutral identity. Native american tribes for eg., cling tenatiously to their tradition which typically tell us story about tribal heritage. The reason for maintaining these rituals and customs lies largely in the tribes 500-year old struggle aginst assimilation, even extinction, at the hands of eupopean intruders. An outward display of tradition customs and is needed to put world on notice that each tribe is distinct and autonomous, with its own heritage, values and ideas. If these is not maintained, the tribe risks total assimilation and loss of identity.

The lack of meaingful rituals and ceremonies in homogenous mainstream america underscores these point. Other than few gratuitous ceremonies such as weddings and funerals, they maintain no common rituals to set them apart from other cultutres. The reason for this is that as whole, america has little cultural identity of its own anymore. Instead, it has become a patchwork quilt o fmany sub cultures such as native americams , hasidic jews, amesh,and urban african american-each of which resot to some outward demonstration of their own distinctiveness inorder to establish and maintain unique cultural identity.

Nevertheless, preserving cultural identity cant be only purpose of ritual and ceremony, otherwise, how would one explain why isolated cultural that dont need to distinguish the ? In fact, the initial purpose of rituals and ceremonies is rooted not in cultural identity but rather superstition and spiritual belief. FOr instance,Original purpose of ritual might have been bring favourable conditions to bring about bounty full harvest, or to entreat gods for successful hunts or for victory in battles. Even today some primetive cultures engage in rituals primarily for such reasons.

Not are rituals and ceremonies the only means of presering cultural identity, for eg the amish cultural demonstrates its distinctiveness and uniqueness through dress and life style. Also hasidic jews set themselves apart by htier clotching, vocational choices and diatery habits. And of-course african amercan, distinguish themselves by manner of speak and expression. These sub cultures have their unique ways of celebrating events such as birthdays, so forth. Yet rituals and ceremonies are not primary means by which it maintains their identity.

In sum, to prevent cultural assimilation into our modern day homogenoius soup, a sub culture with unique and proud heritage must maintain outward heritage by way of rituals and ceremonies. Nevertheless, rituals and ceremonies a spiritual function as well- one that has little to do preventing cultral assimilation, which is why, customs and tradition are not only means of conserving such identities.