Ques : Hospital statistics regarding people who go to emergency room after roller scateing accidents indicate the need for more protective equipment within that group of people, 75% of thouse who had acciedent in street or parking lots had noit bwen wearing any protecting waering clothing () or any light reflecting material(cliponlight, glowin dark wrist) clearly , the statitic indicate thaqt by investing in high quality protective gear and  reflective , roller skateres of being severly injured in an accident.

The given argument is well opresented and appears to be relatively sound at first glance because of hospitaal statistics regarding people who go to acciensts , the roller skaters should be innvesting in hogh quality protective gear and reflective equipment in order to lessen their risk of being gravely injures in mishap. However, as more light is shared in issue and more detailled facts are concered, it is easy to see that argument sufferes from several grave falacisies in its assumption as well as commits false analogy. As mentioned in argument, there are two distinct kinds of gear- preventative gear such as loght reflecting material and protective gear such as helments. Preventation grear is intented to warn others presumably for most part moterists of presence of roller skaters. It works only if "other" is responsible and carring individual who will afford the skater the necessary space and attention. On the other hand protective gear is intented to reduce the effect of any accudent, wheather it is caused by another, sakter , some force of nature. Protective gear does little if anything to prevent accident but is presumeed to prevent injuries in acciendent. The statistics on injuries suffered by skater would be more interesting if skaters of group into those waering no gears at all, thise waering protective gear only, those waering preventative gear only anf those waerly both. These statistics could provoide clearer understanding of whcoh kinds of gear are more benificial.

In addition, the argument is much weakened by fact that it doesnot take into account the inherent differences betwwen skaters whi wear gear anfd those who does. It is atleast likely taht those who wear gear many be generally more responsible and/or safety concept individuals. The saketers who waer gear may be less likely to cause accidents through careless or dangerous behaviour. It may, infact, be their natural caution and responsibility that keeps them out of emergrncy room itself. ALso, the given statistics is base d entirely on those who are skateing in streets and parking lots which are relatively dangerous places to skate in first place. People who are generally more safety conscience may choose to skate in safer areas such as parks or backyards. Moreover, the statistics cant make sense when it comes to conclusion that safety gear prevent severe injuries. The conclusion suggests that it is presumened that people come to emergency room only woth sever injuries. Also, given the sakting is recreational activity taht maybe primarily engagened during evenning and weekends when doctors offices are closed, saketers woth less severe injuries are especially likely to come to emergrncy room for treat ment .

Last but not least, there is afsultly no evidence provided that high quality gear is any more beneficial than other kinds of gear. For eg, a simple white tshirt may be easily caught by others' sight that provides same or more preventative benifit as higher quality as more expensive shirt designed only for skating. Before skaters are encourgared in here, a more complete understanding of benefit provoided by more individual peices of gear would be helpful.

Overall, the argument is far from forcefull enough to persuade the roller skaters to invest in high quality protective gears and reflective equipment in order to reduce their risk. Before any final decisions are made about wheather skaters should invest in high quality equipemnet, much work is left for arguer to do to make his argument more logical and cogent.