Ques : Best ideas arises from passionate interest in commonplace things.
Prompt: Discuss extent to which u agree or disagree with statement above and explain your reasoning for position you take. In developing and supporting your position, you should consider your ways in ehich statement might or might not hold true and explain how those consideration shape your position.

Passion is clearly nessasary for a truely great idea to take hold amongst people - passion either on the part of original thinker, auidence, or ideally both. The claim that the most lucrative subject matter for insipring great ideas is "commonplace things" may seem initially to counter intuitive. After all, arent great ideas usualy marked by their extraordinary character? While this is true, their extraordinary character is as often as not directly derived from their insight into things that had gone unquestioned. While great ideas certainly can arise through seemingly pure innovation say, for eg, the big bang cosmology, which developed nearly its all of its own scientific and philosophical precepts through its own process of formation, It is never the less equally true that such ground breaking thoughts was, and is, still largerly a reeavaluation of previous assumption to radical degree. After all, the questtion of ultimate nature of universe and humans' place in it , has been certral though in it. Common place things are, additionally, necessary as material for the generation of best ideas since certainlly the success among an audiencce must be considered in evaluting significance and quality of idea.

The advent of big bang cosmology, which occured in rudimentary form almost immeadiately upon advin hubbles' first observation at huker telescope in california during the early 20th century, was the most significance advancement in mankinds understanding, of the universe in over four hundered years. The semmingly simple facts that everthing in universe, on very large scale, is moving awaay from everthing else in fact betrays nearly all of our scienctific knowledge of origin of mechanincs of universe. This slight, one month even say common place, distortion of tint on handfull of photography plates, carried with it the greatest challenge to mens general, often religiously reinforce, conception of nature of world to an extent not seen since days of galilio. Not even charles darwin's theory, though it created more of a stir than big bang theory had such shattering implication for our conception of nature of our reality. Yet it is not significant bz it introduced question of nature of what lies beyond mens graspe. A tremendous number of megalitic ruins including , stone hench and others, indicate that this question has been foremost on human kinds collective minds since time in memorial. Big bang cosmology is so incredibely significant in this line of reasining bz of degree to which it changed direction of this generally hence, constantly pondered and very ancient train of though.

Additionaly, there is diachronic significance to advent of big bang cosmology, which is that, disregarding limitation such as the quality of optical is available and the state of theoretical math, it could have happened at any point in time, that is to say, all evidence points roughly to same raw intelectual capacity for human beings throughout our history are progress has merely depended upon degree of it that person happens to inherit, the pace that increase in rapidly . Yet this discorvery had to happen at a certain point in time or another - it cant have being happening constantly or have never happened yet still be happen this point in time have significance 
That significance is precisely the fact that aformentioned advent must have occured at precisely the point in time at which it truely could have occured - that is to say, it marks the point in our history when we had progressed sufficiently to begin examining, with remarlkbly sub
the working od universe accross ditances that would take millions of human life time to reach or to traverse. The point for success of this advent must neccasarily have been aditionaly the point at which the concerntied audience to accept such radicall line of reasoning.

Both factors , radical , passionate interpretaion of common place and prepared ness to accept such an interpretation are nessasary for truely great idea. If passion is absent from inquery by thinker or by bulk of audience, the idea will die out if it comes to fruetient at all. If material is not sufficiently common place to be considered by informed audience by suficient size the same two hazard exists. GIven this two factors, the idea must still be found palatable and interesting if it is to hope to gain a foot hold and eventually establish in significant action.