At first reading, the given argument seems complete. But after perusing the argument carefully, we can find that proponent's statement is rife with apocryphal statements. The first mistake in argument we can say is lack of statistics of any kind, without statistics we should never reach to a solution. Second one being that they are taking about cereal food and extend its trend to other normal foods which may or may not give success to them. Lastly their unclearity of wheather they used marketing strategies for their first product or not.

Firstly, talking about lack of statistics as we can see their are no statistics given for any of the statements. Specifically, they should have given their product's market share ratio and other top-selling cereal companies' market share before release of Bargain Brand breakfast cereal. Data is one of the most important thing before coming to a conclusion on expanding business that too at such large level. Here, we are talking about large amount of resources being used. If those low-priced food products are actually not worth the resources then it will be a total wastage of resource.

Secondly, they are talking specifically about breakfast cereal as their first product which was great success for them. But, now they want to expand its business and marketing strategies to other low-priced food products that the company is selling. Here comes the fallacy where cereal breakfast being regular staple food which everyone would like to have and other low cost food which might or might not be staple food for everyone and thus their success is not guaranteed. The point is people like to spend more money on food when they have it less and less amount of money on regular staple food. Thus, this is the only reason that staple food are cheaper than regular food products.

Thirdly, talking about business and marketing strategies for other low cost food products and first product of Bargain Brand. They fail to specify wheather or not they used any specific approach for doing proper business and maketing of their first product. Thus, we can not come to a conclusion wheather they should make same business and marketing for their other low prices food products or not.

On concluding note, I would like to say that proponent to far from forceful enough to implement and extend resources of other low priced food products. There might be a possibility where proponent may be right and might bring success to Bargain Brand but this must be supplemented with enough statistical data. So, proponent must try to bolster this argument and elucidate the statements with data.

(438 words)