After perusing the statement carefully, I found out that this statement is completely cogent even though at first statement might seem fallacious but later the statement is best fitted for today's modern world. As it says "People's behaviour is largely determined by forces not of their own making". I have many examples supporting this statement, some of them as mentioned - people are not actually travelling for their own satisfaction but for social status, another example of an employee of reputed company who is jealous of his own colleague and lastly a student preparing for competitive exam.

Starting with people travelling out of their home station mainly for taking a break in this hectic life and get a refreshment in one's life but this has also changed over last decade. People generally tend to travel to destination which people prefer as a good travel destination rather than deciding on their own. They do not understand it is just a matter of perspective when people suggest a travel destination. We should just take advices from them rather than blindly following them. We must do our own research beforehand in order to prevent any problems like not liking the place, too much rush, et cetera. Moreover, a recent survey from well-known institution suggests that now-a-days people travel only for social status rather than what actually travelling was meant for. These people who travels for social status takes tension on who sees them over internet and who does not and these things actually breaks the enjoyment which one receives from trips. Here the forces are other people who seems to be giving validations to people travelling for their own enjoyment.

Talking about person A working in well-known MNC at Manager level post who is very jealous about his colleague B who receives many awards in their company level meeting. Now here, even though A is very hard working individual is not getting recognized but B gets recognized even though he does minimal work. Here, as we can see actions of A is clearly determined by what B does. A might not be seeing it with different perspective where B must be doing things differently and issues are getting solved much quicker and easily. So, now A is not thinking on his own but imitates B, rather here A should take constructive criticism from his fellow colleagues and try to change things what he is doing regularly and will definitely see the result.

Lastly talking about student named John working for competitive exam named Joint Entrance Examination for Engineering College Admission. John initially is very good at all the subjects and is very through with entire syllabus and always used to be topper of entire class but when actual exam came his friend who used to be average student scored more marks than him in first attempt of this exam. Now, John was amazed and shocked after the result. Here, when John started preparing for second exam his goal was to not only excel in exam but also score more than that friend. Here comes the action which is determined by external force rather than his own belief.

On concluding note, I would like to say that earlier at some point in time this statement might hold false but in today's world People's behaviour is majorly determined by forces and not of their own making. Above given examples bolster the given statement.
(568 words)