The statement given at first sight seems to be very well defined and with proper explaination, but after perusing the argument properly, it seems there are some flaws which can not be ignored. There has been comparision of species in national and species worldwide. The last statement which is completely ambiguous with the statement given above that is decline of amphibians has different cause of trout which are generally known to eat amphibian eggs.

Firstly, here there is comparision of species in National Park and species worldwide which is quite wrong to be done because there has been quite extensive care that species in National Park receive. Especially, Xanadu National Park is known for its extensive care of species. The main point of National Park is to save species form getting extinct and still if this is the case then it is a project failure of National Park. Here, time duration considered is of twenty seven years which is quite long time and anything can happen during this period for which reason is not explicitly specified. The reason stated for decline is "global" pollution and air which we can not exactly say for amphibians in National Park. As stated earlier, National Park is restricted area to protect and conserve flora and fauna of that area. Government specially allocates group of people for doing this task. If this task is not fulfilled, then it is failure of the project.

Secondly, at last statement states that there is different cause which is introduction of trout which is feed on eggs of amphibians. This is clearly a backlash of authority of that National Park as they were assigned to save the amphibians of that area. And later they introduced the trouts which feeded on eggs of amphibians which is quite contradicting statements and if this is truth then it is a project failure as entire. Moreover, if they were introduced in 1975, then as stated time duration is seventy seven years and in this duration entire seven species could have been wiped if actually trout has been introduced in Xanadu National Park.

Thirdly, there is possible lack of statistics of wildlife census. Generally census in conducted every ten years, so if we can get statistics of this in-between duration then it would be more fruitful and we can know the exact reason for extinction.

Overall argument is forcefull enough to make be beleive the exact reason for extinction of the amphibians in Xanadu National Park. The writer has to do more research in that area and then report the statistics and reasons properly, so that reader can beleive the writer.
(437 words)