The given argument is very well presented and explained each and every part perfectly but after perusing the statement carefully and reading out each and every word in relation with entire argument, we can say that there are many flaws such as geographical flaws, survey flaw and misunderstanding the customer.

As we can see the speaker has given data of only compliants that are received in restaurant and not the proper survey of each and every individual that may visit the restaurant. Often, there are some people who never points out someone mistakes rather avoids it if it is actually affecting his life. Here, we can relate as some individual may not be liking or allergic to margarine but they are hesitant to point out the flaw and rather move on and never visit the restaurant again. People may think it is prepared like these only in those restaurants. Those who are older customers may only know the actual reality and can point out why it is like that.

Here futher stated 'many servers reported that number of customers who ask for butter do not complain when they are given margarine instead.', clearly here restaurant is trying to deceive the customers or maybe sometimes it is by mistake, that instead of butter, margarine is used to prepare food. These argument can not be used to avoid the expense of butter. There might be some customers having severe allergy to margarine and if you serve them margarine, they will easily find out and it will worsen the situation for them in terms of health. And later there might be legal issues for restaurant that even if customer asked to prepare food in butter and not margarine and even then you served them margarine.

Furthermore, it is stated that to avoid these expense of purchasing butter, these scheme should extend to southeast and northeast branches as well. Here comes the geographical barrier. How can restaurant presume that people will readily accept it and the complaints will not increase by bringing these changes in those areas as well. There might be a possibility that people in that area maybe more allergic to margarine as compared to customers visiting southwestern branches. So there should be proper survey of people visiting the Happy Pancake House in all the areas first of all and then do the necessary cost cutting.

As we have seen, the complaints suggested in the southwestern branches, they should rather try to replace the margarine with butter and clearly mention in the menus that food will be prepared using margarine and they should introduce extra money for using butter for preparing food.

Overall, the argument is far from forceful to implement the scheme in southeast and northeast branches of Happy Pancake House to avoid the cost of butter as stated above contradictions that may be faced when the scheme is implemented there as well. Also, they should reconsider there decision in southwestern branches as well of using margarine instead of butter as stated in above paragraph.